Open external links in new tab - Closes #523 (#537)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/guides/frontend.adoc

This guide describes how to create a frontend or client app that interacts with a Lisk blockchain network.

NOTE: A **Lisk blockchain network** is a network of nodes that are built with the {url_github_sdk}[Lisk SDK^].

== Choose a framework

Choose a framework based on personal preference.

Some popular framework examples for developing apps are listed below:

* {url_angular}[Angular^]
* {url_react}[React^]
* {url_vue}[Vue^]

> NOTE: This guide builds a frontend based on the {url_react_app}[Create React App^] guide to create a frontend application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: This guide covers how to build a frontend based on the {url_react_app}[Create React App^] guide to create a frontend application.
```
